## Caveats
For iOS, I had to go the route of using the mobile browser on a device and not a mobile app because I am a Android user and don't own a iOS device to test with.  
On iOS simulators you don't have access to the app store and there is not a way for me to gain access to the .app or .ipa file for the weather app.  
This project will not build successfully until you have the correct local environment setup with either a simulator or actual connected device and edit the 
serentity.conf properties with your device settings.


## Executing the tests
To run the sample project, you can either just run the `CucumberTestSuite` test runner class, or run either `mvn verify` or `gradle test` from the command line.

By default, the tests will run using Chrome. You can run them in Firefox by overriding the `driver` system property, e.g.
```json
$ mvn clean verify -Dmobile-driver=ios
```
Or
```json
$ gradle clean test -Dmobile-driver=ios
```

The test results will be recorded in the `target/site/serenity` directory.  Open index.html in your preferred browser.

## Generating the reports
Since the Serenity reports contain aggregate information about all of the tests, they are not generated after each individual test (as this would be extremenly inefficient). Rather, The Full Serenity reports are generated by the `serenity-maven-plugin`. You can trigger this by running `mvn serenity:aggregate` from the command line or from your IDE.

They reports are also integrated into the Maven build process: the following code in the `pom.xml` file causes the reports to be generated automatically once all the tests have completed when you run `mvn verify`?

```
             <plugin>
                <groupId>net.serenity-bdd.maven.plugins</groupId>
                <artifactId>serenity-maven-plugin</artifactId>
                <version>${serenity.maven.version}</version>
                <configuration>
                    <tags>${tags}</tags>
                </configuration>
                <executions>
                    <execution>
                        <id>serenity-reports</id>
                        <phase>post-integration-test</phase>
                        <goals>
                            <goal>aggregate</goal>
                        </goals>
                    </execution>
                </executions>
            </plugin>
```